hey are you overwhelmed by the constant
discussion surrounding
AI if you don't know what to make of it
the current AI landscape at the same
time wants to know how to write
marketing prompts to get started this
short video is for
you shiny new AI tools and applications
seems to popping up R and left almost
every day they are constantly shaking up
the way we marketer do our job AI for
marketing presentation slides AI for
video editing AI for writing blogs AI
for marketing research blah blah blah
blah
blah I'm like enough all right
enough so here's one mindset you need to
have first there's AI bot for that
remember a long time ago when iPhone
started to take off many developers were
rushing to develop apps for the App
Stores and there's a slogan there's an
app for that you know what there's an AI
bot for that
too and if you have the mindset that
there's an app for that and you can pick
and choose which app to use then you
don't feel
stressed that same attitude you should
have there's an AI bar for that and you
can pick and choose which one you want
to use
done okay so it's up to you on what AI
tools you want to use and you have in
total
control next things I want to share with
you is understand the back end and the
front end then this is very important
GPT is a large language model which is a
very large deep learning model that is
pre-trained on vast amounts of data sets
that companies gather from open sources
such as books articles websites and
other information
think of that as a back
end and chat GPT it's just a chat box
which is the front end that has a user
interface that built into it so you can
type
questions you answer the question so the
AI can search the back end and find the
answers for you front end and the back
end the back end is such a large pre
train data set anybody can ask any
question to it therefore many developers
were like oh my God I can pick any L
from open AI Microsoft meta and Google
and then build some sort of front end to
create a specific
application for any potential
users that's why you will see the UI
front end to generate images but they
are using the same LM as a back end
right you will see a front end that for
video editing again they are using the
same Ln in the back you will see the UI
front end to recap all the conversations
and meetings again the back end stays
the
same that's why there are so many AI
tools popping up right and left because
they tap into a various pre-trained
large language models
now you understand why there are so many
AI tools coming up you also understand
there's a AI bot for
that well you will not feel stressed
because you understand why things are
[Laughter]
happening the next things I want to
talked about is writing
prompts so you know how that you will
enter questions into Google search and
then you tell the search engine what you
are looking for and the search engine
will find the answer for
you same thing if you want AI to tell
you something you have to tell AI a
specific instruction for them to do or
specific questions that you want it to
answer that is
called
prompts knowing how to write promp PRS
it's very very
critical if you want to work with any AI
tools so here are three prompts I want
to share with you right and listen
carefully number one help me write a
marketing plan okay that's pretty
generic the second one help me write a
marketing plan for a commercial Bank all
right it's a little more
specific the next one help me write a
marketing plan for a commercial Bank the
bank's unique value proposition is 8%
interest you can earn for any saving
accounts they have branches in
California and New York it's Target
customers are startups that have more
than $20 million of funding in both
States the goal for this marketing plan
is to achieve $200 million worth of
Revenue in 2024 and generate 1,000 sales
qualified leads for its 20% sales team
the plan should include detailed
campaign plan recommendation on how to
get the leads for the sales team if you
use chat GPT for any AI tool you will
see that AI will present you different
responses based on your
prompts the more detail you can provide
to AI the more relevant the answers will
be
specific
relevant
actionable are the key secret Source you
need to take into account when you write
prompts is AI is trying to understand
you as much as you are trying to
understand AI so you need to help them
you to understand what you are looking
for and you need to explained it in
different ways and then see what kind of
answer they are going to come up with
and this is especially true if you are
trying to write a very sophisticated
promp I often think by the time we are
done we'll be better communicators with
AI than with actual humans it's very sad
very very
[Laughter]
sad lastly give yourself permission to
learn learn and this is very
important by coaching marketers I've
noticed that many of us have one thing
in common we tend not to give
ourselves permission to fail or
sufficient time to learn anything
properly it takes time to learn to write
a good prompts it also takes time to
learn new AI tools that's just the way
it is make sure you have time set aside
to do that
be patient and layer your knowledge
regularly and over
time once you learn something new about
AI then see
how you can apply that to your job in
the meantime be patient be kind to
yourself and have fun with proms take
care
bye